Congratulations my friends my students.
You have made it to the end before you go I got very important things I want to discuss with you but
I just want to say you have done what a lot of people are not able to do finish what they start and
not only that but you're committed to this for hours four weeks even four months and you've finally
achieved it.
Now this is not the end of the course 100 percent because we're going to be adding lectures here and
there to improve our site.
Maybe lectures are based on feedback and things like that but I just want to say you were done with
the course when you're done with a major thing of the course.
Now before you go I just want to say you need to practice if you want to become better.
You need to do different things all the time even do the same things in different ways.
Be creative.
Now if you found the scores valuable please take two minutes of your time.
Leave a rating in a review that will help me put discourse out there on the world so people can take
advantage of it.
Share with your friends your co-workers your family.
When you when you help other people you get the good karma so you will you help yourself and then you
help all the people in the Sent times really cool.
Now if you want to learn more Ph be.
I got your back.
I got a perfect cause for you.
It's called O.P..
BHB basically is object oriented BHB is this is the next step to procedure BHB which was what you did
on this course.
Now let me just give you an example.
Now you were able to find a better job because you got some skills in your belt and your tool set.
Right.
So you can make from 50 $60000 a year if you know how to use this information.
If you take this old people HP course and you can increase your skills to object oriented programming.
You could be making nightowl even more money.
You're right and this is just in the United States I don't know where you were or are you in your country
but I'm pretty sure that after you know you're in the program you could be making a lot more sense.
You will be able to make more advanced applications and your code will be a lot better a lot more organized
and just going to do a lot better.
All right.
So look out for this course and you can find all my corsets as at Edwyn D.S. dot com forward slash you
to me that's going to take you to my profile.
All right.
So now I also have more courses that you can take.
I've got a responsive course that I make with Bootstrap which shows you how to build applications super
fast and easy using this cool responsive framework for iPhones or for phones tablets whatever responsive
device users have.
I also have a javascript course if you are a web developer you need javascript.
I got the email CSSA course.
I think right now is free.
I don't think I will ever charge for this course but that's there for you.
I also have a J Querrey course which is super cool because it's a library for javascript and it helps
you make it helps you write javascript a lot easier.
I also have a Ajax course that you can take which is super easy to do if you're going to show you how
to integrate Ageod's into your applications a lot easier than just using javascript.
So anyways all my courses that are at odds with the US that come forth slash you to me.
I want to say thank you so much for taking my course for giving me the time giving me your time giving
me your money for this course.
I really appreciate it.
I'm here to help you before any of my courses or even after if you need any help you know where to find
me again.
Thank you.
God bless.
And I see you in and it's course